(film rolls)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(upbeat music)
- [Steve] It's not healthy
is all I'm saying. man.
You get backed up like that.
you're bound to explode.
- [John] It's really not a problem.
- [Steve] Not a problem?
John. how many years ago
did Nichole leave you.
and you hadn't been
with anyone else since?
People are starting to talk. man.
and the Pope called last
week to see if you were okay.
- [John] What did you tell him?
- I told me better change
the church's position on masturbation.
otherwise you're liable to
lose your immortal soul.
(upbeat music)
♪ I set out on a journey ♪
♪ Without even knowing that ♪
♪ Directions to my castle ♪
♪ I don't know where I should be going ♪
♪ I gotta a feeling ♪
♪ So I head out on my way ♪
♪ 'cause There's a princess in distress ♪
♪ You know I gotta save the day ♪
♪ I grab my shield and I grab my sword ♪
♪ A couple scrolls in
case I might get bored ♪
♪ It's gonna be a journey ♪
♪ Gonna have a lot of battles ♪
♪ But you know I won't show no mercy ♪
♪ When I show up to that castle ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ Heads up. I don't know what is brewing ♪
♪ Look out. you gonna
have to get out my way ♪
♪ I won't stop doing what I'm doing ♪
♪ Time is running out ♪
♪ And you know I gotta go save the day♪
♪ Heads up. I don't know what is brewing ♪
♪ Look out. you gonna
have to get out my way ♪
♪ I won't stop doing what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm trying to be a hero ♪
♪ And time for me to go save the day ♪
(upbeat music)
- What exactly is the church's
stance on masturbation?
- Sitting I think.
(John laughs)
I mean. seriously. man.
what's the problem?
- I don't know. man.
It's hard meeting people.
I'm out of practice.
- What practice?
All you gonna do is meet 'em. smile.
get in there and jam.
- All right. you're right.
but I don't know. man. fuck.
I just wish I hadn't fallen
in love with her. you know.
- No. that word.
- What word?
- That is the word the Knights
of Ni cannot hear. John.
- Oh. fuck off.
(phone rings)
- Oh. I think my ride's here.
- (laughs) What did she finally
get her learners permit?
- No. (blows raspberries).
- Okay. okay.
(rock music)
Whatever. more for me.
Oh Steve. look what you're missing out on.
(upbeat rock music)
♪ We aint got much but ♪
♪ It's seems quite enough ♪
♪ When I'm with you doing
na. na. na. na. nothing ♪
♪ This is my season ♪
♪ Making rhyme reason ♪
♪ Nothing but singing la. la. la. la ♪
(video game music)
- Morning boys.
What's the score?
- Oh. hey man.
- What's up. chief?
I'm winning.
- Ah. bullshit!
And easy with that chief crap.
I'm one-16th Native American.
- Fucker!
- Oh hey!
- Lighten up. Francis.
- Ah. it's Frank. asshole.
- Psycho!
- Fucking white people.
- I know. right?
(Steve knocks)
- John. get up.
Am I interrupting something?
- Possibly a world record.
- I'll call Guinness.
- Mm. what are we late again or something?
- All considering classes
started last week.
No. no. I'd say we're right on time.
- Mm. all right. give me
a second. I'll be ready.
- Atta boy.
(upbeat music)
(car engine revving)
♪ We aint got much but ♪
♪ It seems quite enough ♪
(both chucking)
- Let's go learn. man.
♪ This is my season ♪
♪ Making rhyme reason ♪
- This kind of looks
the staff parking lot...
- I'm surprised they still
let us come back here.
Especially with the last year. man.
- Oh yeah. when we shit in that trash can.
oh my God.
- It was in the girls' bathroom.
that was the problem.
- You're gonna be on TV?
- Well. the math doesn't even add up.
Ooh. hey. I don't think we
should be here today. man.
- What are you talking about?
Dude. is that-
- No. no.
- Is that-
- No. it definitely isn't.
- Dude. that's Nichole.
- No. it isn't.
it's somebody else.
Hey. you know. I hear
your mom calling you.
What's that. Mrs. Barden?
John stole your socks again?
- Hey. hey. how do I look?
- You look like a lesbian.
so we should go home and change.
- What does that even mean. man?
(bouncy music)
Having some trouble there?
- John?
- Hey. hey!
- Oh my God!
- How are you doing?
- How are you.
are you still in school?
- Yeah. I took a year off or three.
three years off.
- So you still living with your parents?
- No. no. no. actually
they're away for the summer.
so place to myself. you know.
- What class do you have?
- Sociology.
Actually in a couple of minutes with.
you remember Steve?
- Hey!
- Oh. come on. dude.
Well. what about you?
What are you doing here?
- Oh. it's a long story.
At the last minute the university decided
to void my AP Chem class.
so I needed to get the credit.
get my masters and.
- That sucks. I'm sorry to hear that.
- Yeah. tell me about it.
but they're letting me audit
it here instead of New York.
saves me like 2.000 bucks.
- Oh. yeah. who's teaching that class?
- Williams.
- Oh my God. dude.
we're in that class too.
- Yeah.
- Sure. that's why you
missed the first day.
- Well. yeah. I mean we had
some scheduling problems.
so you know. we are
actually on the way to talk
to professor-
- Williams.
- Williams. right now actually.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Well. I guess I'll
see you in class then.
- Yes. you will. study buddies?
- Sure.
- All right.
- You look good. John.
- You too.
- Call me?
- Yes. absolutely.
- Okay.
- Six years of rehabilitation
down the drain.
- We have to get into Chem. man.
- John. I'm your friend.
let's keep it that way.
- Let's go to Chem. let's go to Chem.
- You're doing that stupid dance
isn't gonna makes me wanna go any faster.
- Let's go to Chem.
- I have it.
it's not gonna help anyone.
- Excuse me. Professor Williams.
- Yeah.
- I'm trying to get into your
advanced chemistry class.
but they won't let me register
without your signature.
- Well. you're a week late.
I'm sorry. I can't catch up now.
You have to wait till
next semester to sign up.
- Right. sorry. we wasted
your time. come on. man.
- No. no. no. no. no.
Sir. my entire future
depends on me getting
into this class this semester.
- You know. this class is no joke.
- And I'm not laughing.
- Okay. what's the atomic weight of Xenon.
- 131.29.
- Wow. welcome to the class.
Catch up on your own.
and we're starting chapter four. Mr?
- Barden. John Barden.
and thank you. you're not
gonna regret this really.
Come on.
- Dude. dude. how the
hell did you know that?
- Oh dude. you said I was an
idiot for buying this shirt.
- I said you were an idiot
for buying 20 of those.
- Well. I don't like to do laundry.
(Steve chuckles)
- So anyways. I woke up
and I was like. wait.
that was your dog licking me?
'Cause I definitely thought it was you.
It was so weird.
- Well. all the hallways look the same.
- Hey. are we in the sociology wing?
Cause I don't understand.
- Wait. hold on. let me ask.
Excuse me. oh. ah. sorry.
- Are they meditating in there?
- Yeah. how do we get into that class?
- Right. couldn't you just
sleep the entire time.
and pass that class?
- I'd get an A plus plus for sure.
(upbeat music)
- Now as you know Sociology is a science.
and there're many times
when the rules of sociology
combine with science.
and one of those would be the incarnation
of the modern "toofbrush."
Boys. you is late.
- We is?
We sorry.
- Yeah. we got stuck in our other class.
the professor held us late.
- And who might that be?
- Professor Defringsdingbergnessner.
- Who?
- Defringsdingbergnessner.
Oh. I knows him.
You know what?
I'll have a chat on him later on.
Make sure he don't keep
my boys after anymore.
- Oh. thank you very much.
We'd really appreciate that.
- You bet.
- What are your names. boys?
I gotta write in roll book over yonder.
- John Barden.
- Steve.
This guy's a complete freaking idiot.
- He's gotta be faking it.
- Okay.
Where was I?
- "Toofbrush?"
- "Toofbrush." yes. thank you very much.
We need to talk about the "toofbrush."
and its effects on society
as we know it today.
Before we start.
does anybody have any
questions or comments?
Yes. Willie.
- Sure. I think that the
"toofbrush" is a necessary evil.
- Yes. it is.
I believe that too.
The "toofbrush" or mouth stick
as it was called
frequently back in the day
was invented in 1654 by Sir Walter Toof.
- Hey?
What are you doing?
- Taking notes.
Seriously. leave me alone.
I'm trying to get
something from this class.
- From this guy.
are you kidding me?
The only thing you're gonna get is lost.
All right. tell you what?
You're better off coming back to my place.
and trying on my mouth stick.
- You are so sick.
- Oh my God. could you
keep it down. please?
Some of us are actually trying
to do well in this class.
- Unbelievable some people.
the lack of respect for
a tenured professor.
- Thank you.
Yes. young lady.
please try to keep it down.
Let's get back to the lesson.
Similar to the caste system in India.
the toothbrush made way
for a bunch of advantaged
people here in the new world.
and we could even-
(phone rings)
- Now class. must I repeat myself again?
There is no room for
that gadgetry junk here
here while I am teaching.
not in my classroom.
Sir. come here. give that to me.
Bring that up here.
I will hold your junk
till the end of class.
(John laughs)
- Shut up.
- Come on.
Do not believe this.
Just give me that.
Thank you.
Hmm. she's gotta be cold.
- Was he gentle with your junk?
- Shut the fuck up. John.
- All right.
So they were using towels
for the longest time
before the toothbrush...
(music drowns out professor)
(upbeat music)
♪ I can't explain what it is ♪
♪ That you do to me ♪
♪ Yeah. I can't eat ♪
♪ I can't sleep ♪
♪ I can barely breathe ♪
- 101.2. it's John the bartender here
with the finger deep
into your local talents.
That was Phonetic Plumbing with Llarry.
Up next. we got Wood with their hit song.
and then a little Champagne Cupcake Trio
to finish the night off.
so stay with us as long as
you can keep your eyes open.
101.2.
Just when I thought I was out.
she pulls me back in boys.
- Oh. did you just quote
"The Godfather" three?
- I think I just died a
little bit on the inside.
- We should get chicken on the way home.
- You guys suck.
- You suck.
(phone rings)
- Hey Roger.
No. no. no. man. Saturdays.
I don't work ever.
so you're gonna have to
reschedule that or something.
Stop!
No. no man. Saturdays.
I really can't help you.
Okay. I'm sorry.
and I'm sorry for your loss too.
Can you stop?
(upbeat music)
♪ It's gotta be against the
law to look this damn good ♪
♪ Watch out now ♪
♪ 'Cause baby I feel
real and I wish I would ♪
♪ Watch out now ♪
♪ It's gotta be against the
law to look this damn good ♪
♪ Watch out now ♪
♪ Everybody watch out ♪
Hello!
- Hi. do you have an application?
- Yes. I do.
- I'm Steve. Steve Dillard.
and you are?
- Cindy Pressman.
- And you must be Cindy's sister
- (chuckles) Cindy. I like this one.
Hello. you're a sweet talker. aren't you?
My name is aunt Shelly.
I'm Cindy's aunt Shelly.
but you can call me aunt Shelly.
- Aunt Shelly.
- Mm-hmm.
- I love it.
- Do you wanna go get that application?
Follow me.
Excuse me.
- Right. everything here looks...
sexy- um... satisfactory.
Unfortunately. they're
gonna make me ask you
a couple of questions.
so I see you are a senior at Olympia.
- Yes.
- Right. so what made
you want to apply here?
- I don't know.
I like movies.
- No way. I do too.
that's so crazy.
I see you have a birthday coming up.
- In two months?
- Yeah. Yeah.
So how do you feel about
fondling. handling money.
like out of the cash registers?
- Okay. I guess.
- Yeah.
You held a lot of other positions?
- Positions?
- Oh jobs. sorry.
- Oh. jobs. I babysat.
- Great. how about weekends?
- Yeah. I used to babysit on the weekends.
- No. like are you free on the weekends?
- Well. not if I'm working.
- Right. you're smart.
Okay. if the phone were to ring right now.
how would you answer it?
- How complicated are your phones?
I've only used normal phones.
- That's an unfair question.
and I'm not gonna ask it again.
- Okay. what about transportation?
- I don't have a car.
but my uncle Zeke could
probably give me a ride.
- Yeah. uncle Zeke.
(blows raspberries) You
are so hired. (laughs)
So when can you start?
- Next weekend?
- Great. how is Saturday at one?
- Great. I'll be here.
- And so will I.
(upbeat music)
I can't wait. it's gonna be so fun.
(Cindy chuckles)
Throwing pop corn at each other.
no. I can't 'cause then
I'll have to clean it up
and I'm not gonna do that.
(upbeat music)
- Hey.
- Wow. you actually made it.
I'm impressed.
How'd you get into this class?
- I've got some dirt on the professor.
- Notebook. textbook. pen?
- You've got all those. right?
- Thank you.
- Some things never change.
- Okay. we'll be starting
with chapter four today;
Self-organization principles of molecules
under extreme pressure.
- I'm glad you're here. John.
It feels so familiar.
- Well. happy to be entertaining you.
We should get together
though after this. you know.
and just catch up and talk.
- Yeah.
- I'd like that.
- When placed under intense pressure.
These noble gases tend to act like
what other elements Mr. Barden?
- I'm sorry. sir.
I'm actually still getting
acclimated with the material.
- Okay. but no excuses next class.
(upbeat music)
- Okay class. now everyone's
needing to be getting settled.
Now don't forget your
papers is due next class.
so don't forget 'em.
I aims to get 'em graded by the weekend.
Oh good. you're here.
See. I told you guys he'd show up.
They were gonna leave.
- Were some of y'all gonna leave?
- Yeah. well some of them were.
but I stopped them. so.
- Thank you. son.
- Smooth.
- You're such a fucking prick.
you know that?
- Honey. I am the macaroni and the cheese.
(John laughs)
(ambient piano music)
- Hey. you made it.
Let me get you one of these.
- Wow!
- Don't spill.
- This place hasn't changed a bit.
- Are you kidding me?
This place used to be nasty.
There used to be used condoms.
and syringes. and hobos
fucking over there and stuff.
This place looks great now.
- No. I don't remember all of that.
I guess we didn't really
make it out of the backseat.
- This was kind of our spot. huh?
- It's kinda everyone's spot.
Half the girls I know were
here at one point or another.
- This place is kind of crazy like that.
It's got some sorta wild
sexual vibe about it. you know?
You know the guys around
town actually call it
the pussy vortex.
- That's disgusting.
- Okay. well. by other guys around town.
I actually just mean. Steve.
- Why do you still hang out with him?
- I don't know.
he's a good friend.
He's there. he's there. you know.
- That's something. I guess.
I just thought you'd be
doing something by now.
You had a lot of plans. John.
- Yeah. I know.
I know.
I'm on the radio now.
It's the night shifts for 101.2.
You remember?
I get to play all the
local band's new music
that can't get on during the day.
so I mean. that's cool.
My boss hates me now.
he's a fucking dick.
He just thinks I'm some
sort of a fuck up. you know?
I may be a weirdo. yes.
but I'm not a fuck up.
I'm not where I want to
be at all in my life.
I still got ideas. just...
Forget it.
What about you.
what's new with you.
- I'm engaged.
(record scratches)
- Um. engaged?
- Yep. he's a professor in New York city.
We're not engaged. engaged.
He still has to finalize
his divorce first. but-
- I'm sorry?
- I know how it sounds.
- Okay?
- Okay.
But this is different.
He listens to me.
- Look. all right.
I'm happy you found someone.
Okay. really. I am.
- Thanks.
Most of my friends aren't
very understanding.
- Ah. well. they're probably just thinking
about what they want instead
of what you want. you know.
People can be like that sometimes.
- I know.
Thanks for being supportive.
- Of course. I'm happy for you.
really. I am.
- Oh. well I guess that's it.
You're just gonna have
to move on. that sucks.
There are other fish in the sea though.
- So. shit. man.
I'm still in the game.
It's just the first quarter.
and contrary to popular belief.
I have endurance.
- John. you need to forget
about Nichole completely. all right?
Get yourself a safe girl.
- What like a high school girl?
- Hey. you know what?
Much like this mix of hops and heaven.
It is an acquired taste.
- I don't know. man.
high school girls seem a
little immature for my taste.
- Oh no. oh no. Steve.
Oh no. he's back.
Oh. oh. oh. no. he's attacking me Steve.
Steve. Steve. help me. Steve.
Oh. oh. no!
(upbeat music)
Fuck!
- Jenga. Bitch!
- Oh. don't pretend you didn't like that.
- Asshole.
- Exactly.
Ready to get to your sociology on?
You wrote your paper?
- Not even a little bit.
- You?
- Who are you talking to?
Hi. yes. Professor Robertson.
This is Steve Dillard from class.
No. sir. you don't teach trigonometry.
Your sociology 101 class.
Yeah. yeah. the one that
starts in 20 minutes.
Yeah. I was just calling to let you know
that John Barden and I are not gonna be.
John Barden.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. he's in the class too.
we're both in the class.
I was just calling to let you know
that our grandma died.
So we aren't gonna be able to make it.
Yes. yes. absolutely. sir.
we will get those papers e-mailed
to you the second. the funeral ends.
Thank you so much. Professor Robertson.
- (claps) Well done. Ferris.
Really. good job.
What about my chemistry class?
- I think I have a blank death certificate
you can borrow if you want.
What are you just printing $50 bills
in the basement or something?
- Oh John. you have so much to learn.
- Okay. that was cool.
- Yeah. right.
- That was cool.
- I didn't even think it
was gonna happen like that.
It just kind of did.
(upbeat music)
- And so it was the peer
pressure from the deviant apes
that made the good apes
start smoking the leaves.
And I don't have to tell
you who that precipitated
the human evolution.
(sighs) Guys. you is late again.
What am I gonna do with you?
- Yeah. sorry.
Hey. did you grade our papers?
- Well. apparently you
boys never turned them in.
- Whoa. hey. whoa. well.
we called you remember?
Dead grandma? Grandma's dead.
- Well. wait. wait. wait. wait. you know.
I think I do remember
something about that.
Yeah. it's coming back to me.
- Yeah. yeah. we e-mailed them.
It says right here you got 'em.
- I'm sure they're down in my office.
After class. meet down in my office.
and we'll go over all of this.
we'll get it squared away.
- Yeah.
- Thank you. boys.
(both chuckling)
- Wow!
- So let's get back now to our lesson.
You say it's evolution.
Some say it's evolution.
I just say it's lution.
Doesn't matter.
Lution is lution.
- Sort of one of going that night.
but then I found out that
they brought in like a midget.
and a flame thrower and it was so hot.
- Oh!
- Wow!
- What the fuck?
- Oh!
- Oh hey.
- Oh. wait. wait.
what the hell are you guys doing here?
Shouldn't you be playing
like Frogger or something?
- Oh. we're looking for
the psychology department.
- Yeah. yeah. they're paying five bucks
for some negative reinforcement testing.
and oh. we're hungry.
- $5 foot long day.
- Mm. $5 foot long.
- You know. all right. whatever. guys.
I'll see you back at my house
- Yeah. yeah.
- Yeah. awesome.
All right. so shoo!
- Thank you.
- You know I didn't know
their asses weren't cemented
to your couch cushion.
so that's pretty weird.
(John knocks)
- Who's there?
- John.
- Come in.
- Steve.
- Well. come in.
Yeah. it's like the joke. knock. knock.
and then I said who's there.
- Oh!
- Oh.
- Hi. what can I do you for?
- Did you find our papers yet?
- No.
Good. I know it is here somewhere.
I had it.
It's messy here.
- Do you need us to resend them?
- No. no. no. no. this is my fault.
This is all my fault.
It is. I've been busy and you know.
and you. I remember yours.
it was a good paper.
you did a good job.
a very good job.
You know what?
Let's just cut to the otters head.
and what do you say?
We'll give you a 98.
98 for you.
and for you a 98. right?
- Oh no. no. no. mine
wasn't as good as his.
- You're right. 81. 81.
We'll just do that.
that's a B.
and B is good.
I like B.
Well. you know. I do
appreciate your waiting.
and again. I do apologize for this.
Sometimes. you know. this comes up.
and it's piling up higher and higher.
and I know that somewhere
inside here I have.
I know it's here. but.
- No. no. no. no.
Hey. hey. our grandma's
shouldn't have died.
- No. she shouldn't have.
- What an idiot. right?
- You know. I just. you know. you can't.
it's not her fault.
but it kinda is.
- A little. a little.
- They can plan a little better.
Why don't you get out of here now?
Because I got some lots of stuff to do.
and I gotta find another paper.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah.
- All right. and you take care now.
Whoa. one of you guys
dropped a deuce or something?
- (laughs) and ah. I win.
- What?
- I am the best.
- Fucking cheater.
that's what you are.
- I get the mozzarella stick here.
- Oh. bullshit.
Pick up a joy and let's go again.
- Smells like victory.
- Again.
- Run it back!
(upbeat music)
- Okay. so when a new movie comes in.
it comes in on one of these hard drives.
You know. it's not like the old days
where it came in on multiple reels.
you had to splice the film together.
Okay. whatever.
So anyways. when a new movie comes in.
you come over here.
take out the old hard drive.
put the new one in.
and slide it in.
- I can't see.
Oh. all right. well. come over this way.
(sensual music)
- Yeah. so you. sorry. where was I?
- Sliding it in.
- What?
- The hard drive.
Oh. all right.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
(sensual music)
- Frank. get off of him. dude.
- Oh my God. I think my
fucking spleen just ruptured.
- Oh. baby.
- Well. anyway I am getting
the 'cuda back tomorrow.
- No shit!
- Yeah.
- It's about time. man.
- I know you're telling me.
I'm about to be cruising
like all day on Monday.
- Wait. what's Monday?
Is it Arbor day?
- Monday. my friend is what
in high school is referred
to as a half day.
so it'd be sacrilege not
to take advantage of that. right?
- What about the.
what's her name.
the new hottie at work?
- Oh yeah. no. I don't know
if that one's gonna work out this time.
- It's never stopped you before.
- Yeah. but I keep getting older. okay?
I'm gonna get caught pretty soon.
- So don't do it.
- Yeah. okay. you've obviously never seen
this chick before. all right?
You don't say no to a girl like this.
- Ah. you don't.
(John laughs)
- All right. yeah. whatever. I don't.
She's not like your average
high school girl. you know?
- What is she advanced?
- Homeschooled?
- No. she's in high school.
I just mean she's.
fuck. I don't know. she's
different. all right?
- But isn't that what
you said about Sarah?
- Yeah. I did say that about Sarah.
but what I met with Sarah's
a fucking psychopath. okay?
- Didn't you date her for like six months?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I did.
and it was the worst six
months of my life actually.
It was the best sex though.
so I guess in retrospect. it's kinda.
- Whatever happened with that?
- She turned 18.
I had to cut her loose.
- For Christ's sake. would you
just snap the freaking ball?
- All right.
- Oh. somebody wants
to get to get scored on.
- Okay. okay. I'm coming for you.
- Yeah.
- Hut!
Oh. there he is.
Oh drop.
- Through the trees!
- Yes!
- In your face. Bob.
Touch down.
- Still got it.
Yeah. you saw that.
(upbeat music)
(indistinct)
- [Professor] There
will be previously seen
in their individual elements
which reaction means (indistinct).
- John?
- An answer Mr. Barden.
- Seven.
- Yeah. very good.
In this way conversion of this
group introduced is stable.
(music drowns out professor)
(triumphant music)
(garage door opens)
(door opens)
- Is he here?
- Yeah. yeah. he's upfront.
and he didn't take his pills today.
- Oh. this is gonna be so ripe.
- Yeah. no shit. dude.
Oh. here he comes.
- Oh. good morning. class.
- [All] Good morning Professor Robertson.
- Yeah.
Today. we needs to talk
about the impact of marriage
in our social system.
Before we's get started.
anyone have any questions or comments.
- Yes. Daniel.
- Sure. marriage is good.
- Well. yes it is.
Thank you for participating.
Marriage is the coming of
two people in a relationship
in a social setting.
or three or four people.
depending on where you live.
like if you live near Utah
or something like that
then it's a whole different story.
but a whole lot more fun.
Let me explain.
Does anyone here know
someone who's married?
Good. good. good. good.
See. in marriage though.
you think you know what it's about.
you do not.
'Cause you see marriage.
it's a scam.
It's a scam from big
business just to get people
to start marriaging together.
It's really to get people to spend money.
It's a commercial thing.
It really example. again.
i.e. dot. dot. dot. colon.
You would buy a towel.
then you'd buy towels.
and now you buy his and hers towels.
so that you've got to spend more money.
and then it just gets a
little bit crazy. doesn't it?
I think it does.
It really does.
- Another thing. who here
has ever seen a phone book?
Okay. all right.
Now in the phone book. you'll notice
that you've got like Smith.
and the names in the phone book.
all different kinds of names.
and it's Smith.
and then you'd get Jones.
and of course not on the same page.
'cause that would either
be a very. very small town
which isn't a bad thing.
'cause I miss mine.
But also you think about it.
and it would be Smith Jones.
and then they would have
a hyphen Smith-Jones.
'cause people get married
and wanna keep their names.
but then it's just one name.
and then it just goes by Jones.
You see what I'm.
do you understand what I'm saying?
Does anyone have any questions?
- Gregory. yes.
- I'm not in this class.
- You is now.
- I have an unrelated question.
- There is no unrelated questions
when it comes to sociology.
- Fantastic. 'cause I was wondering
what the fuck is wrong with you?
Do you have any idea what
you're talking about?
- That would really be two questions.
- Okay. hello people.
are you buying this bullshit?
Go home. watch cartoons or something.
anything but this.
Jesus!
(door opens)
- And that class is why some
people will never get married.
'cause it's an anger issue.
It's an anger issue.
It is a bad thing.
Does anyone else have any other questions?
(upbeat music)
- I don't know.
it was just kinda sad really.
- Robertson just like brushed it off.
He probably didn't even hear it.
- Yeah. I guess it helps
to be off planet anyways.
- I wonder what it's
like to be off planet.
- I always thought it
would be like "Star Wars?"
But that takes place in the past. so-
- As long as it's not like Aliens
that's all I care about.
(upbeat music)
So you and new girl going out tonight?
- Yeah. second date.
I better get a piece
of ass this time. man.
She's such a goddamn cock tease.
- Whoa. okay. maybe she's
just a virgin though.
- No. there's no way.
she's way too hot for that.
Besides I swore off virgins.
- It seems awfully out
of character for you.
- No. no. no. no. no.
look there's like an associated smell
with the taking of a girl's virginity.
Yeah. it's disgusting you
can't get it out of the car.
I'm not putting the 'cuda
through that shit again.
- That's messed up dude.
- Anyways I have a new rule about that.
I wait for somebody else
to break them in first.
you know. a boyfriend. uncle. whenever.
- You got fucking problems. man.
- Yes. I do.
- So what are you coming over?
- Yeah. where else would I go?
- I don't know. home. library. playground.
We all know how Steve
likes the playgrounds.
(upbeat music)
(car engine revs)
(sensual music)
(van engine revs)
(upbeat music)
- And I totally didn't
expect this to happen.
I mean. he's still married to his wife.
She just thinks that he's
gonna like leave his family
and run away with her.
How do I even spin that?
- It's gotta be tough.
Girls who go for older guys.
they don't like to come back.
- What exactly do you wanna do here?
- I just want them out of
the way out of the way.
- Out of the way or out of the way?
- Come on. man. we don't have to kill him.
Do we?
- No.
No. no. you bunch of idiots. no. okay.
but he is pissing me off. all right?
I mean. he's just using her.
and she just has no idea.
- We could scare him off.
rough him up a little bit.
- Yeah. but then what if it doesn't hold.
and he sticks around anyway.
- Could rough her up a little bit.
- No.
- We can take pictures
of him with a chick.
- With Nichole.
- Yeah. and then send to his wife.
and then he has to choose upfront.
- Yeah. but then when
if he chooses Nichole.
and I'm even more screwed
than I was at first.
- Okay. okay. so find some ho-bag.
you know. some other
chick to sleep with him.
- You're telling me that you're
planning to get me laid is
to hire some whore to have
sex with somebody else.
- Yes.
- Not your best plan.
- Man. forget all that.
This type of guy is probably
a real scumbag already.
Nichole is a bright girl.
she'll come around eventually.
- So what. like I just do nothing?
- No. no. no. keep going after her.
but there's no reason
to cock block this guy.
he'll end up fucking himself eventually.
- I don't know. man.
it just doesn't seem
like enough. you know?
- Okay. well. what other
choice do you have?
- None. okay. none. fine.
Fuck you guys. okay.
Are you guys coming over or what?
- Is your mom gonna be there?
- No. she's been gone all summer. man.
but she made lasagna.
four months ago.
it's in the freezer.
and I'ma heat that shit up.
- [Frank] Still good.
(upbeat music)
- Hello?
- Hey.
- Who's this?
- It's John.
You told me to call.
- Oh. hi.
- Something wrong?
You were supposed to go to
New York this weekend. right?
- [Nichole] Nigel says he's
too busy to see me. prick.
I think he's seeing his
wife behind my back.
- That's too bad.
- [Nichole] We should get together.
Dinner this weekend?
- Yeah. sure.
- Sounds great.
Make some plans and call me.
- Yeah. for sure.
I will do.
(John chuckles)
Woo. all right!
- [Steve] How was your call?
- Going out with Nichole this weekend.
Dinner.
- Nice man. good luck.
- You're pissing in your own face. man.
- What about the fiancé?
- Still with his wife.
- Good. very stable.
- Look who is talking. man.
- That actually reminds me.
ah. (blows raspberries).
(Frank and Bob laugh)
- [John] Shut up.
(upbeat music)
- I gotta manscape.
Got a date later.
- Yeah. what's his name?
- Lucy.
- Isn't that your mom's name?
- It's okay. my mom's not in high school.
(John laughs)
- That's really fucking funny. dude.
(all laugh)
(beer pours)
- Wow. there's my little heartbreaker.
Hey. come on and give your uncle
a little kiss now. come on.
(Zeke and Shelly laughing)
- Uncle Zeke. I just put my lips on.
- Cindy Starlight Pressman.
don't you dare sass your uncle.
- Sorry. aunt Shelly.
- Are you having some dinner.
or are you still watching your figure?
- I'll watch your figure for you.
- Nothing for me. thanks.
I'm going out with Steve tonight.
- Oh yeah. I don't know what I think
about this Steve character. huh?
What are you working in that
flicker shack for. huh anyway?
You smell like popcorn.
and you're hardly making anything.
I told you.
you want to make some real money
you gotta go down there
and audition for the Kat.
- Mm-mh. now Zeke. that
place closed down last year.
- Oh what?
Oh shit!
- Yeah. I know.
- That's where me and our aunt Shelly met.
She was B squad.
but I'll tell you she would
have been center stage
Friday night had I not come
along and snatched her up.
- That was by the good old days.
- Yes. one of the good old days.
- But that's not for Cindy. mm-mh.
Cindy is doing just
fine. aren't you sweetie?
- Steve's here.
(car honking)
- All right. honey. have a good time.
- Steve's here.
- Oh no. no. don't worry about it.
Come on.
- Steve.
I know I'll give you something
to fill your hands with.
Come on. come on. let's go. naughty boy.
- Play hide the beer can.
- Yeah. (laughs)
- Hey. cut it out.
- What?
- Come on. I'm just not ready yet.
- Have another beer then.
- I'm serious.
Besides I have to sober up by curfew.
Aunt Shelly will smell my
breath and spank me again.
Have you thought anymore
about home coming?
- Yeah. I thought about it.
- And?
- I don't know.
I need more time. all right?
- But there's this other
guy who just asking me.
and I can't keep stalling.
- So go with him then.
- I don't want to go with him.
he's in my grade.
- Did you tell him that?
- No. I told him I wanna go with you.
but that you hadn't decided yet.
so he'll just have to wait.
- Okay. so let me get this straight.
You've just got this kid on hold.
- Kind of.
(Steve Chuckles)
- What?
- No. nothing. nothing come here.
(upbeat music)
- [Bob] What do you mean
you haven't done her yet?
- She's in high school. man.
She's doesn't even have
a car for Christ sake.
- So get behind her. grab her arms.
and ride her like a bicycle.
- Yeah. I don't think
her mom would appreciate
that very much.
- Is her mom hot?
- Probably. but she's
gotta be at least 30.
- You know what you should do?
Go to her house when her mom's there.
get behind her like-
- What's up. man?
- I'm just killing time before work.
- All right. well. I will be
in my room exercising my God given rights
to watch free porn and rub one out. so.
- So think of me.
- Always do. But you guys. okay?
I don't want you down
here playing games all day
in my parents' basement. okay.
Robert. take out the trash.
and Franklin. so help me God.
if I have to ask you to
mow the lawn one more time.
no more games. that's it.
- But I hate chores.
- That's enough out of both of you. okay?
- You know where I'll be.
- Have fun. boys.
(happy music)
- Yeah.
(sensual music)
- There you are.
I've been looking all over for you.
- I've been right here.
- So I see.
I got your message.
what's up?
- So I've decided I'm gonna go.
- Oh Steve.
- Yeah. okay. well I'm
telling you right now.
I'm not going to like it.
but ii will do it for you.
- This is gonna be so great.
My friend. Sandy. she's going
with her boyfriend. Richard.
if we can totally double.
- No. no. no. no. no. no doubles.
no dinners. just me and you. okay.
and we're not staying long.
- All right. but we are going?
- Yes Cindy. we are going to homecoming.
(sensual music)
- This is gonna be so great.
- Yeah.
- I gotta get back downstairs.
- Okay.
(sensual music)
Fuck!
- It's tough.
I mean. I know there's a
place for me at the university
when I graduate.
but the pay is not very good.
And then if I accept a
position somewhere else.
that doesn't leave any room for Nigel.
He's tenure. so he can't just leave.
- I don't know about this Nigel guy.
he just seems like a real douche.
- (chuckles) Okay.
He's been a real asshole lately.
Some guys never grow up.
- I grew up.
- Sure you did.
- I did.
- Do you think Boba Fett
could take on the Terminator?
- Oh my God. in a heartbeat.
I mean Boba Fett's a bounty hunter.
Terminator would have
no idea what hit him.
- Real mature.
- Oh. okay.
- We've been talking
about me all night though.
what about you?
Are you seeing anyone?
- More like romantically?
- Yeah. anyone I'd know?
- Oh. no. I've been kind
of more taking a break
from the whole dating game.
I'm trying to like figure some things out.
- That's good for you.
How much time have you taken?
- Well. like five or six-
- Weeks?
- Years.
- John. that's more than
a little bit of time.
- I know.
- That's since we broke up.
Have you not dated
anyone since we broke up?
- I dated a little bit.
like right after. but I don't know.
Okay. oh. okay.
so I like walnuts.
I'm not really a Chex Mix kinda guy.
- What?
- Okay. so Steve. he likes Chex Mix.
He likes the variety.
He likes to really dig in there.
and shove as much shit into
his face as he possibly can
where I like walnuts.
I like to really take my
time to crack into the-
- This is a terrible analogy.
- It's not great.
It's not good.
I guess what I'm trying
to say is you ruined me
for other women.
- Oh. because I'm a nut.
- Oh. that was bad.
that was not good.
- We should probably get going.
- Yeah. where's this waiter been?
I don't know where.
- So what time did you
even get back last night?
- 9:30. and I got a good night kiss.
Okay. it was on the cheek.
but it was close to the lips.
and I paid for dinner.
so that's gotta mean something. right?
- It means you are out 50 bucks.
- Okay.
- Look. man. if you're not gonna be down
below fighting for scraps.
like the rest of us.
you need to swim your ass to the surface.
and tickle the little man in the boat.
Oh. I decided I'm going to homecoming.
- What?
No shit. dude.
You've gotta be fucking shitting me.
There is no way.
- I figured if she's
gonna put out. you know.
this'll be the night
- God. you are gonna
humiliate yourself in front
of an entire high school
just to get this girl in bed.
are you kidding?
Why don't you graduate
to real women. dude?
- 'Cause let me tell you
something about real women.
- Please.
- They don't date guys like us. all right?
We're on the level.
Okay. we don't hide our demands.
and we don't try to put on a show.
or they don't want what
we have to offer. okay.
They don't want love.
They're not looking for sex.
They're looking for a
lifestyle. all right?
"What kind of car does he drive?
Is he rich?"
It's fucking vicious.
(John laughs)
Every hot girl that we knew in high school
was always dating a college guy. right?
- Yeah.
- They shopped up.
that always left guys like
me and you stuck somewhere
in between the fat chicks and the freaks.
- Fat chicks. oh...
- Dating isn't something that's
meant to be enjoyed. man.
It's an emotional trash compactor
that's half filled with broken wills.
and it's topped off with rejection.
- Okay.
- But the game can be
played both ways. right?
I can shop down.
because I am the college guy now.
This is my time.
I get to take my pick.
These high school girls
who wouldn't piss on me.
if I was on fire?
Now I'm exactly what they're looking for.
and all of those guys who used to be us.
those loser guys.
they don't know it.
but I'm doing it for them. all right?
I fuck each and every one of
those girls for those guys
who couldn't get a date on a Friday night.
- Wow!
- And it feels good.
- Well. I'm sure.
And that's so very noble of you.
Oh. the King coming down from the castle
to feed the peasants.
You're basically a bottom feeder.
and you know it.
- I'm a what?
- Bottom feeder. you know.
you're just strolling along
the bottom of the ocean
just picking up whatever
garbage you wanna put
in your mouth.
just way too lazy to even
just go up and get real food.
- Okay. yeah. so I'm
eating off the bottom.
I admit it.
This is a system that's been
in place for generations.
The women invented it.
We just need to learn how to play along.
Nichole's professor.
what's his fucking name?
- Nigel.
- Yeah. Nigel.
- Yeah.
- Bottom feeder.
Extra slimy.
- Oh yeah.
And you need to be twice
the fish that he is.
if you wanna win her back.
that's a lot of work. man.
And say you put in all that work.
and you don't get anything.
or you swim along the bottom.
- Or?
- You get a girl is twice as hot.
and a little bit younger.
- You know what?
I'm willing to bet you
that I will be twice as
satisfied winning back Nichole
than you ever would be fucking this random
high school sweetheart of yours.
- If you win her back.
- Oh. I'll win her back. all right?
I just got to get rid
of this fiance of hers.
and I'm fucking golden.
- Yeah. well. okay. we'll see.
All right. you're ready?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay. time to beat is
two minutes 47 seconds.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right.
All right. on your mark.
- Mm-hmm.
- Get set.
- Go.
(water splashes)
(upbeat music)
- Please take a look at the
outline for the midterm.
- Remember it represents
40% of your final grade.
so please. if you have any questions.
ask them now.
(John whistles)
- Goddamn!
- Come on. it won't be that bad
look at these questions.
- I don't know. Nichole.
I'm not good at taking tests.
- Maybe I can help you study.
- I like that idea.
(upbeat rock music)
- Hello. Nichole.
- Oh. you just missed John.
He went to class.
- Yeah. no. I know.
I was kinda hoping I could
talk to you actually.
Look. John is. he's a good guy.
You know that.
but we both know that he's sensitive.
- Yeah. I know.
- So like the last time
that you two were together.
and then you broke it off.
things got kinda bad.
like really bad.
- Oh. come on.
- No. I'm talking.
he was catatonic. okay.
It took a lot of serious
vitamins to turn that boy around.
- What's your point?
- My point is I know you.
you're evil. all right?
I know exactly what's
gonna happen this time.
All I'm asking is that you
give me some sort of heads up
before you fuck him over again. okay?
- Fuck you. Steve.
- If you wanna fuck me. that's fine.
Just like give me a heads
up before you do it. okay?
Thank you.
- All right. for society to grow.
there have to be rules that
everyone is in agreements with.
Now these are the laws
that keep society going-
(door shuts)
but also there's the
common sense things. like-
right now. it's also
the common sense things
people forget. like they'll
give someone a stick
to whoop you in the head with.
- Where the fuck were you?
- Dude them falling behind
with all the homecoming crap.
I gotta get a suit.
tickets. condoms. whatever.
I gotta get my paycheck after this class.
- At least. you know. you're
actually gonna get laid.
Nichole's coming over later to study
whatever the fuck that means.
- It means you're gonna be a
wreck for the rest of the day.
- Boys. y'all hear me?
- Seven.
- Good. I thought you
wasn't paying attention.
So that comes all the way down
then to why people go there.
and why they end up having to wear them
before they go inside.
(video game music)
- No. no. no. boys come on. out.
So I got Nichole coming
over at three to study.
- Hold on. we just need 15 minutes.
- Out!
- We're about to flip the score.
- Now!
- But John-
- Look. do it tomorrow. Frank.
Come on. out boys.
Come on. let's move.
Let's move. quickly. let's go.
- We're going.
- You guys move so slow.
Let's go. come on.
- All right. look at that. see here we go.
I'm moving along.
- Move. let's hustle.
Let's get out of my house.
- It's our house too.
- It's not.
No. it's not.
♪ Together we could be forever ♪
♪ Forever we could be together ♪
♪ You know you've got
to change your mind ♪
♪ Sometimes I don't
think we have the time ♪
♪ Forever. Forever we could be together ♪
♪ Together we could be forever ♪
♪ Forever we could be together ♪
♪ Don't talk. don't move.
we've got to rhyme ♪
♪ You say we haven't got the time ♪
♪ Together. forever we could be together ♪
♪ Together we could be forever ♪
♪ Forever we could be together ♪
- Hey guys. John inside?
- Yeah.
(upbeat music)
- So...
how's Nigel?
- He's being a prick.
We got in this huge fight.
All he ever does this lie to me.
- That's not right.
- John. you know you
don't have to get me drunk
to sleep with me.
- Ah. but I bought all this beer.
- How long do you give him?
- 10 minutes.
- Ouch. that's cold.
No faith in him?
He's a magnificent stallion.
- How long has it been?
Six years?
10 minutes at the top end unless
they're actually studying.
(both chuckling)
- Wait Nichole. does this
mean we're back together?
- Why does this have to mean anything?
Can't we just fuck for old time's sake.
- No. I don't want just
some throwaway fuck.
I want you.
- Oh God. we can't just
get back together. John.
It's been six years.
We're different people.
I'm just really pissed at Nigel right now.
It's revenge sex.
Can you handle that?
- No. I don't think I can.
I have feelings here.
- Oh God. it's not about feelings.
and it's not about a relationship.
We had some good times sure.
but I've changed.
Maybe you haven't.
- I...I have.
- That's it. isn't it?
God. six years later and
still the same old John.
- No.
- You know. I bet you're
still duct taping yourself
to lawn chairs and jumping in the lake.
- Okay. my best time's
almost a world record.
- You know. I almost love you. John.
but if you could just
act like more of a man.
- I am.
- Hell. you hang out with your friends.
and live in your parents' basement.
Hell. you're still going to
a two year community college.
You don't take your life seriously.
but you expect me
to think you can take a
relationship seriously?
- Look. I've changed. okay?
You may not be able to see it
- Bullshit!
- but I have.
- Okay. take the chem class.
It is so obvious that you're
just there to be around me.
That is a real class.
and you haven't listened to
a word the professor said.
You don't care what you get on the exam.
You just invited me here to sleep with me.
and I came here because I wanted to too.
but now you're talking
about a relationship.
You don't know the responsibility it takes
to make a relationship work.
- Oh I...I...I...I might-
- You know what?
I'll tell you what.
you wanna prove to me that
you know what it takes
to build a real relationship.
you ace that midterm.
- What?
- You get an A on that test.
and it'll show me that
you know what it takes.
You don't get an A.
it's all over.
- Look. Nichole. that's
fucking ridiculous.
- No buts.
I know it's crazy.
but I'm gonna give you your shot.
I owe you that.
You've got a week and a half
better take the plastic
off those text books.
- But they're (stammers).
- Oh. my God.
(door opens)
- Bye. Nichole.
- Bye Nichole.
(upbeat music)
- Dibs on controller one.
Oh yeah. shit!
- (laughs) Cool Ranch!
- Right. I figured you do
deserve to see me in something
that isn't a t-shirt.
- Hell. I've seen you naked.
- Hey. I thought we agreed
to never talk about that.
- What's going on with the tie.
- Might wanna work on as a clip on.
so I don't know how to do it.
- Oh my God. come here. dude.
- What's this?
- If I don't pass my chemistry midterm.
I lose Nichole forever.
- So?
- So I'm studying.
- Aren't you on the air in an hour.
- Yeah. but I'm just
gonna look at my notes
in between the songs
and then it's back to the wall.
no sleep for me tonight.
By the looks of it.
and you won't be getting very much either.
- Shit. I better not.
This stuff was expensive.
- All right. well. I thought I had.
- I'll Google it.
- You got condoms though. right?
- Buddy. I am a Trojan shareholder.
- Atta boy!
Well. remember if you get
caught behind enemy lines
we will disavow any
knowledge of your existence.
- For queen and country. sir.
- Godspeed.
(orchestral music)
- Oh and John?
You do realize those pages
are double-sided. correct?
Good luck.
- Fuck!
♪ They call me the Juggler ♪
♪ 'cause I always have three lovers ♪
♪ And I burn through Trojan
rubbers like the road ♪
♪ And when I'm not between the sheets ♪
♪ I'm busy just staying undercover ♪
♪ And it is sweet being the Juggler ♪
♪ Hey. ♪
- So you're Cindy's uncle?
- Uh-huh.
- What do you do you do for a living?
- I make bullets.
- Cool.
You like sell them to Mega Mart or?
(Shelly laughs)
- Zeke. Zeke. don't scare the boy.
don't scare the boy.
Honey. Zeke here is a big Teddy bear.
and you don't have to be scared.
aint that right. Zeke?
(Zeke growls)
- Well. that must be Cindy
now coming down the stairs?
- Please God.
- Oh my God. look at my baby.
- [Zeke] Whoo!
- My beautiful girl.
Looks good enough to eat.
She gets that from her Aunt.
- Come here. girl. let me look at you.
Come on. spin around.
Goddamn!
Woo!
Now you got my card in case you need
to get in touch with me.
- Yeah. yes. sir. right here.
(foot stomps)
- Uncle Zeke.
- Come on.
- All right. be good have fun.
- Okay.
- You take care of our
Cindy here. you hear?
- Oh yes. yes. sir.
- Not too good.
You gotta leave me some.
- Okay.
- All right.
- I'll walk you out.
- All this butt grabbing
got me feeling kind
of a certain way.
Damn. them girls look like their grandma.
- Bye. bye. love birds.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
- Jesus. I thought we'd
never get out of there.
- Yeah. sorry about that.
He wasn't supposed to be here today.
- You really think they believed
that I'm in high school?
I mean.
- I told them you were a junior.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Besides I told him you have a curfew.
and I'll be staying with some
friends after homecoming.
- What friends?
- The ones at the hotel.
- You do look really great by the way.
- I know.
(car engine revs)
(upbeat music)
- Hey man. I really
think we should upgrade
our video game system to
something that's not 50 years old.
- I mean. we'll upgrade
our video game system
when John upgrades his video game system.
- That's fair.
Yeah. yeah.
- I'm just gonna rack up these Ws.
'cause you haven't won in like ages.
like I'm really.
I'd rather play the
computer at this point.
- This is why I hate playing
when you're wearing the victory shawl.
Let me just. I mean. you only Victors get
to wear the victory shawl loser.
- You're a loser.
- Your mom's a loser.
(upbeat music)
- Okay. thanks.
- Señor Dillard?
Esteban? Estás tú?
Don't you think you're a little old
to be attending homecoming.
like maybe it's kinda
inappropriate for you
to even be here.
- Well. it's no more inappropriate
than the flask you keep
in your desk.
- Go have a good time. okay?
Yeah. (laughs)
Gracias.
- Yep. this is homecoming.
- I'll be right back.
(upbeat music)
- You know her?
- Yeah Cindy Pressman.
She's in my class.
- Yeah.
You want her don't you?
- Oh yeah. she's all right.
Yeah. well. it is never gonna happen.
so come on. don't worry. man.
You know what?
You keep your eye on those
junior high girls. alright?
(upbeat music)
♪ Heads up I don't know what is brewing ♪
♪ Look out. you're gonna
have to get out my way ♪
♪ I won't stop ♪
♪ I'm doing what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm trying to be a hero ♪
♪ And it's time for me
to go save the day ♪
- Shit. I gotta start taking notes.
Oh shit. 101.2. the bartender.
That was Adam Infantino
with "Finding His Way."
Sorry about all that dead
air I was well. whatever.
Up next to we got some Pus
Buckets. some Shelly Wilkes.
and then Scrod for you.
so make sure to stick around.
but first caller to call in.
and tell me how to
separate heavy molecules
from a phosphorus compound
at room temperature
gets two tickets to
Patrick Jaouen on the 17th.
so 101.2.
- [Man] 101.2. Rochester's.
original (beep) station.
- God!
(mellow music)
- Well. I'm gonna go freshen up.
(mellow upbeat music)
- Well bed. it's just me and you.
You don't let me down.
maybe I'll wipe you off after.
Deal?
(mellow music)
- So what do you think?
- Lamb of God.
- Be gentle.
(mellow music continues)
(upbeat music)
- How was your test asshole?
- Don't ask.
How was the dance?
- Not so great.
- Don't tell me it didn't happen.
- No. it happened.
It's just that...
- It's just that what?
- All right. well. I
didn't wanna fuck around
and cum too fast.
so I snuck off and jerked off
in the bathroom three times
during the dance.
- (laughs) You did not.
- Yeah. yeah. I did.
- And then when it came
time to assemble the troops.
we were out of ammo.
- So what did you do?
- I did what any good soldier would do.
I faked it.
- You faked it.
- Eight times.
- Only eight?
- I ran out of condoms.
- So what. dude. you were faking it.
- Yeah. but I didn't
wanna spoil the illusion.
- Well dude. Bravo. Mr. Copperfield.
- It's inhuman. man.
I can't live up to this chick's standards.
I mean. if I have to repeat
a performance like that.
I'm gonna blow my colon out or worse.
- So you're coming to class today or what?
- Hell no. those chairs would kill me.
No.
When do you figure out about your test?
- Next week.
- I don't know if I made it though. man.
- No. I'm sure you did.
You and that science shit
are like this. you know?
- I guess. yeah.
- Oh. oh. are you okay?
Come on.
- Oh my God.
- [Steve Is it possible for your own sperm
to kick you in the nuts?
I didn't think that was.
- Dude. no friendly fire.
- Well. maybe don't get in my way.
- You shot me.
You fucking shot me.
- Yeah. I'm about to do it again.
- You miss more shots than
a fucking Stormtrooper.
and you fucking shot me?
- Yeah. yeah. I did.
- Bullshit!
- You're bullshit.
- Get wrecked.
- Fine.
(Bob laughs)
- I love you. man.
- I love you too.
(both laughing)
- Hold on. hold on.
What if somebody comes?
- Somebody will.
- It's for the best.
- What do you want?
- I'm just leaving.
- I can't accept your exam sheet.
- But why?
- Because you were still
filling in the bubbles
after I told everybody to
put their pencils down.
I can't accept it.
- I busted my ass to finish.
All I was doing was filling out my name
on the other side of the sheet.
- Yeah. well. there are rules.
I'm sorry.
- Do you know who I am?
- No.
- Good.
- (laughs) Brilliant.
- Mr. Barden. I finished
correcting your exam.
- You have?
- Yes. and I have to be honest.
I find it pretty surprising.
Well. I do you know some things
about the periodic table.
- Apparently not. I mean.
statistically speaking
you should have had at least
one of those answers correct.
I mean. you really dinged the
hell out of the bell curve.
You know Mr. Barden.
I noticed recently you've
been kind of distracted.
I mean. are you going
through something personal?
- Yeah. kind of.
I mean. I can make arrangements for you
to take the exam again.
- If I'm being honest I really don't think
it's gonna make too big of a difference.
but thank you.
- Look here. I'm gonna be honest with you.
I like you.
and frankly a lot.
I mean. would you like to
get an A in this class?
- An A?
- Yeah.
- What do I have to do for a C?
- Society will not allow a "Sissy" to-
You're late again. son.
Is that Professor
Ding-a-ling-a-fing-a-dinger
keeping you after?
- Something like that.
- Where were you?
- I got my test back.
- Oh. nice. how'd you do?
- I got an A.
- Cool. man. I told you
you got that chemistry down
to a science.
- Yeah. do you have any gum?
- Over the years it became-
you have to make a sissy
which was a number-
- We have an ugly school.
(Cindy sniffles)
- Shit. Shit. shit!
- What. what?
- Come on.
- What?
Oh my God.
- Dude?
- What?
- That's Cindy.
- Oh!
- She's waiting for me.
- Are we gonna launch
another offensive admiral.
- Dude. she can't get enough.
- Poor baby.
- No. I'm serious. man.
- All right. my pubes are going gray.
my back hurts.
I'm thirsty like all the time.
She's sucking the life out of me.
- Literally?
- Yeah.
(John laughs)
- Look. if I'm not at your
house in like two hours
you gotta text me. okay?
- Sure.
- No. I'm serious. man.
All right?
You don't text me.
I might not make it.
I'm gonna need an excuse.
- Well. I mean. if you're gonna go out.
it's really not that
bad of a way to do it.
- I don't know.
I feel like an old fashioned heart attack
might be a little bit easier.
- Maybe you'll get lucky.
- Maybe.
- Ready?
- Yeah. let's go.
- All right. come on.
(John laughs)
- John. this is Cindy.
Cindy. this is. John.
- Hi. I've heard so much about you.
- Really?
- No. I haven't actually.
but I'm gonna go. okay?
So you kids have fun. yeah.
- Hi. hi.
- Hi.
(ambient guitar music)
♪ And I see your shadow ♪
♪ In the ways in which you tear me down ♪
♪ In the distant hours of the night ♪
- Let's go.
- Yeah. yeah.
♪ And it breathes the life back into me ♪
♪ And I sit on the
outskirts of this town ♪
♪ Just a wandering minstel ♪
♪ In a room full of clowns ♪
♪ I sat there waiting for you ♪
♪ But you bring me up
just to bring me down ♪
♪ No ♪
- Water. God. I need water.
(upbeat music)
♪ The rain outside is so strong ♪
- We have to switch.
♪ The water washes the filth away ♪
That's not what I meant.
(video game music)
- Behold. I have emerged victorious.
Cindy. peed on me.
- Wait. what?
- She peed. I win.
- Who's Cindy?
- Steve's new girlfriend.
- How is that a good thing?
- (laughs) You see. she peed.
and then she stopped.
- Stopped peeing?
- Stopped having sex.
three weeks. two days. 16 hours later.
She's finally done.
- Like for life?
- God. I hope so.
- You got fucking problems. man.
- I don't know.
it would take a lot
for me to pee on a guy.
- Really. you should try it.
You might like it.
- This boy's a freak.
- It's no weirder than
John's panty harvest.
- Panty what?
- Harvest.
You guys don't know about this?
John collects panties.
He used to take a pair from
me every time we had sex.
He'd label it with the place.
the time. and the date.
It was terrible.
I was spending a fortune on underwear.
- Sounds like a trophy collection.
- And that's exactly what it was.
- You know I still have it. right?
- Get out. you do not.
- Sure he does.
I just looked through
it like two weeks ago.
- Where is it?
- It's in my closet.
- How many did you get?
- I don't even know. dude.
- 154.
- No. shit.
- Yeah. man.
- Bro. you took 154
panties from that girl.
- Oh yeah. well. I mean
she was buying in bulk
at the time. so.
- Oh my God.
I forgot how many of these there were.
- 154.
- Man. I was a slut.
Nichole Richards. David Coffer's bedroom.
October 31st. 11:15pm.
I remember these.
- So do I.
- You know. I think we did
it in your car more times
than we did it in an actual bed.
- I miss that car.
- Oh. I don't remember spots.
You son of a bitch.
- Look Nichole.
- Sarah Brand. Sarah Brand?
And right in the middle
of our relationship.
you've fucked that fat bitch.
No. no. no. no I didn't.
Well. okay. yes. I did sleep with her.
but no. we weren't dating at the time.
It was one of those weekends
that we'd broken up.
- And she did kinda look
like you to be fair.
besides the whole fat thing.
but that's an honest mistake.
- Shut up!
- Brooke Peters. Anna Luther.
Tatiana Cruchev. the exchange student.
Jesus Christ. you are such an asshole!
- No. wait. no. no. no. no. no.
Okay. so you remember when you
wanted to go look at schools.
so you dumped me so you
could go check out campus.
and feel what it's like
to be a single woman.
Oh. what was I supposed
to do to just sit around.
and wait for you to come back.
get it out of your system.
- Yes.
Why didn't you tell me
when we got back together?
- Well. I knew it would piss you off.
- Well. congratulations.
- Nichole. Nichole. wait.
- You're not wearing pants.
- Oh. that kinda sucks.
You just got her back.
- Thank you Captain Bobvious. thank you.
Nichole?
Fuck!
- All right. I dare one
of you to smell this.
- How much?
- Jesus. man!
Been out there knocking for half an hour.
why didn't you let me in?
- Oh shit!
- Oh. she is not gonna call you.
- Yes she is. she's just. she's just.
(phone rings)
Hello!
No. no. he doesn't live here.
- Wrong number?
- No.
Yeah. anyways. I gotta
crash here for a few days.
I need sanctuary.
- From what?
- Little miss nympho.
She's a seminal vampire.
So is there any way you're
gonna call miss underpants?
- No. I mean. what do I even say?
(Steve blows raspberries)
- You're asking me for advice on women?
You must be desperate.
- I'm not getting her back. am I. man?
- No
No. not by traditional means you're not.
You need to talk to somebody
who actually knows something about women.
and you need to get me a cheeseburger.
- Get it yourself.
- I can't. John.
I'm in sanctuary.
- My friends are assholes.
(bouncy music)
Well. we're coming up
to the midnight hour.
the darkest hour.
The point in the night
where you start to wonder.
if dawn will even come... Will it?
Probably not.
That was "Why Won't I Stop
Crying" by Tweed Jacket.
and you know what?
I'm gonna play it again.
Anybody got any problem with that?
Didn't think so.
(Sam knocks)
Sam. my man.
You know anything about women?
- No.
- Good talk.
(video game music)
John. sorry the front door was wide open.
- Fucking Frank.
- Where's Steve?
- I don't know.
- His fucking car is here.
- Oh. yeah. but I was gonna. oh. okay.
- Oh shit!
- Oops.
- Cindy. what the fuck are you doing here?
Have you met Betty?
- Can we go someplace private?
- I kind of had plans.
- I'm pregnant.
- I get paid on Friday.
Look. I've actually given
this quite a bit of thought.
- I just told you.
- It doesn't mean I
haven't thought about it.
Contingencies. okay?
And I think it's best-
- I'm not keeping it.
- No. no. no. listen to me.
I think that we. what?
- What do I look like. an idiot?
I'm not having a kid.
let alone your kid at 18.
- What. why not?
- Steve. you're a loser.
I mean. look at you.
You're 25.
You work at a movie theater.
You spend all of your time bullshitting
with your stupid friends.
and knocking up underage employees.
You wouldn't make a good husband.
and you'd be a terrible father.
and I'm not gonna ruin my whole life
just to bring your child into the world.
- But okay. that's not a-
- No buts. I'm dumping you.
And I want your word.
your most serious pledge that
you won't ever tell anyone
that I was pregnant.
- Hold on. hold on. that's
not how this is supposed.
because I thought we-
- Look. Steve. you have a hot car.
You bought me beer.
Dating you made all my friends jealous.
but I'm getting out of high school soon.
and there are a lot of
guys who have way more
to offer than you.
I want a man who can handle me as a woman.
not as a girl.
I'll see you around.
- But.
Okay. well you know what
you're fired anyway. so.
I mean. do you believe that shit?
Anyway. where were we?
- Oh. fuck no.
- What're y--?
(suspenseful music)
- What are you doing?
- Son. is you peeping?
- What?
No. it's not like that at all.
- Look. Willie?
- No. it's John.
Dude. I'm in your class
- Right. John. you can't
be peeping on folks
when they don't know about it.
It just ain't right.
- I know. okay. I'm sorry.
- Although if you're paid 'em for it.
that'd be all right. (chuckles)
Who are you peeping on anyway?
- Well it. my girlfriend
and I got into a fight. so.
- Oh. yeah. girlfriends.
that's tough you know.
I hear that it's a lot of trouble.
but you know that doesn't allow
you to be peeping on folks
without them knowing about it.
especially here on the campus. okay?
- No. look. I know. okay. I'm sorry.
- Okay. good.
- It won't happen again.
- I'll sees you back in class then.
- Yeah. so Mr. Robertson.
can I ask you a question?
- You just did.
(chuckles) I was always
here for my students.
What can I do you for?
- So I broke up with my
girlfriend the other day.
Okay. look. I'm gonna be honest with you.
she broke up with me.
It's cause every time
when we used to break up.
I would just go and sleep with
like half of the high school.
that was like seven years ago though.
so I guess what I'm asking is
how do I get her back?
- She broke half a school
up seven years ago.
- Dude.
- That's incredible.
- No man. we broke.
dude. nevermind. man.
I'm just. I'll get outta here.
- All right. John. John.
wait. hold up. hold up.
Listen. I know. forget the teeth.
I can't tell you how
to get your girl back.
but I can tell you this.
life is full of crossroads.
you know. points that make
you a sit up and take notice.
You got a lot of choices to make.
and sometimes you make the wrong ones.
and when that happens you
gotta wake up. you know.
Re-evaluate what's going on.
Figure out what you're doing wrong.
and then get back on track.
You run yourself into the ground
you're gonna end up crazy and alone.
You hear me?
Good. all right. let me ask you this.
does she hate you?
Good.
Hate and love are the same.
It's apathy that you can't repair.
I mean. once that hits. it's
like a brick wall. you know?
And then you're just left to face the rest
of your life with all the
hope and glory behind you.
It'll make you bitter.
You still got time.
Use it wisely.
- Okay. okay.
- I got my own sociology project.
I'm working on.
I'll see you later. Gary. (laughs)
- What the fuck was that?
Oh my God (laughs)
Where is Steve?
(depressing Rock guitar)
- Jesus. what the hell happened here?
- Man. you guys stink.
When's the last time you showered?
- We're out of beer.
- Yeah. so it's the rest of
Rochester from the look of it.
- I can see sober at
the end of the horizon.
and I don't like it.
- Damn. these bitches fucked
you boys all the way up.
- How much longer you guys
think you're gonna be at this?
- I think we got enough sips and drops
for like two more hours.
- Well shit. we're not
gonna be here that long.
- Where are you going?
(upbeat music)
- We have a book tour.
- A what?
- Yeah. we've been working
with professor Robertson all semester.
- Sorry. we couldn't tell ya.
- What you wrote a book?
- Yeah.
What you think we just spend
all our time here? (laughs)
- Yeah.
- Well. we have this idea
that most people were basically sheep.
You put them in the room
with an authority figure.
and they'll follow along
no matter how outrageous.
or ridiculous that person is.
- So we took that idea
to professor Robertson.
and he suggested a grand social experiment
with his sociology 101 class. your class.
and thus crazy professor
Robertson was born.
- Hey. we brought you guys a gift.
- Yeah. and why do you think we're here?
Ta-dah. and it's signed.
Come on guys. don't be
too hard on yourselves.
You're the only ones who
saw through the experiment.
Turns out being huge assholes
helps you see through bullshit.
- Well. we gotta jet.
We'll see in like four months.
You guys still be right here yeah?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. (laughs)
- Later.
- Guys do us a favor get off your asses
and get something done. all right?
(Frank and Bob laughing)
(upbeat music)
(John knocks)
- Hi.
- Go away. I'm not coming out.
- Why?
- Okay. I'm not leaving though.
I have another plan.
and I don't think you're gonna like it.
- [Nichole] Go away!
- Okay. I warned you.
♪ We wishes precious moments ♪
♪ away ♪
♪ Believer ♪
Yeah.
Yeah!
(car honks)
♪ I couldn't give you the ocean ♪
♪ And I couldn't take it away ♪
- All right. say your peace then go.
- Okay. look. Nichole I'm sorry. okay.
I can't change the past.
but I can change this
path that I'm on now.
I mean. I need you.
I don't wanna lose you again.
I mean. especially not like this.
I mean. this is ridiculous.
I mean. how many guys did you sleep with.
that I never give you
shit about any of them?
- Those weren't guys you knew.
- What difference does it
make if I know them or not?
- John. those girls
when we got back together
they knew that I didn't know.
I must've been a laughing stock.
- Oh my God. nobody cared.
Nichole. nobody gave a shit!.
- Hey. put your fucking boyfriend.
and his little fucking sausage away.
- He's not my boyfriend.
- What?
- Oh. okay. great. I don't fucking care.
and nobody wants to see his
'lil yogurt slinger out here.
Put it the fuck away!
- This is dumb. all right?
You have to take me back.
- Take you back?
- Yeah.
- I'm not even talking to you.
- We're talking right now.
- No. we're not.
John. relationships are
about sacrifice not apology.
Don't you understand that?
- You don't think I know about sacrifice.
Are you fucking kidding me?
- I sucked a fucking dick for you.
- What?
- Bitching to me about
a fucking sacrifices.
are you kidding?
Complaining about getting
laughed at in high school.
What about Nigel's wife?
Do you even think about that.
how's that any different?
I mean. do you even believe
half the shit you even say?
What am I doing here?
- Great fucking question. I got an idea.
wrap your fucking cheese log up
before you squeeze it onto a cracker.
Get outta here.
- Okay. you know what?
This is it.
I really don't care anymore.
Live your life.
Have your affairs.
I can't keep up with this anymore. okay.
You've been fucking me up
for eight years. eight years.
I just gotta get myself back on track.
- No. wait. John. wait.
♪ Who are you now? ♪
(upbeat music)
- You're sure about this?
- Yeah.
- Good.
Welcome back to the land of the living.
- (laughs) No kidding.
- So how do you think we did?
- What in class?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I think we got
to a B in Robertson's.
'cause of the extra credit.
and then I got my A in chem. so that's...
- Shit!
- What?
- That puts you pretty close
to graduating. doesn't it?
- (chuckles) That kinda does.
You think we should?
- What graduate?
- Yeah.
- All right. fuck it. why not?
And then what?
- I dunno. man.
Something. we gotta do something. right?
- Yeah.
How are you doing?
- Just give me a sec one
more sec and I got it.
Oh. oh. dude. (laughs)
- Two minutes and three seconds.
what's the record for the hot tub.
- Steve my man. we just set it.
- Holy shit.
- That's right.
- Oh my God.
- How do we not have girlfriends yet?
Years and years of trying this out.
♪ There you go again ♪
♪ Doing the bare minimum ♪
♪ On a scale of one to 10 ♪
♪ You don't even make it to one ♪
♪ You're complacent with taking
anything that you can get ♪
♪ You're so lazy on the daily ♪
♪ Never put the effort in ♪
♪ And it's pretty clear that
you ain't looking to change ♪
♪ Like a catfish swimming
way below the surface ♪
♪ Livin' off of what falls in too deep ♪
♪ Never try to rise up ♪
♪ 'Cause it'll be a burden ♪
♪ You know what you are ♪
♪ You're just a bottom feeder ♪
♪ You've always gotten by ♪
(ambient orchestra music)
(upbeat music)
(ambient piano music)
(people laughing)
(people shushing)
(upbeat music)